1.On creation of Contact, if email is not blank then set Status - Active

2.When account is created or updated, if the Industry - Education, set Type - Prospect

3.When contact is created, if contact's account is filled then map Account's email to contact email.

4. When opportunity stage - closed won, then set Close Date = Today()

5. When opportunity is created, if the amount>50,000 then create a Task(object - record) to follow up.

6. When lead owner is changed, please send notification to the new lead owner saying new lead has been assigned to you

7. Prevent inactive contacts from being updated - if contact status is inactive then throw error on contact update saying 'Inactive contacts cannot be updated'

8. When account is updated, If account type-Customer, then update all related contacts status - 'Customer Contact'

9. When a Case is closed, update a custom field Case_Closed_Date__c with today’s date.

10. Update Account Rating to "Hot" if any related Opportunity is marked “Closed Won”.





Validation Rule - 
1. Ensure Contact’s Email matches a certain pattern (e.g., must end with .com or .org).

2. Prevent changing Stage once it reaches 'Closed Lost'

3. Prevent changing stage back to any earlier stage (chronological enforcement)

4. Prevent Stage change from ‘Closed Won’ back to any other stage
5. Ensure that a Contact’s Birthdate is not in the future.
 



Security 

1. You have Sales Reps and Sales Managers.

Sales Reps should see only their own Opportunities.

Sales Managers should see all Opportunities of the reps under them.

2. A custom object Invoice__c has a field Status__c with values like “Draft”, “Submitted”, “Approved”.

After the record is “Approved”, no edits should be allowed. 

3. You have a custom object Project__c with OWD = Private.

You want to share records with other users who belong to the same Team__c value on User record.

4. You have a field called Salary__c on the Employee object.

This field should only be visible to users with the “HR” profile.

All other users must not see this field — even in reports.
 